all right guys what is up
reader here going to be showing you up
nuketown zombies today but if you
noticed if you go in the store in the
zombie store
you notice that nuketown zombies is
available for free now what happens when
you try to download it it download it is
a confirm the purchase and what will
happen is the thing glitch up and say
that you can download it right after you
hit 99% it will go back to zero and it's
just going to mess up so what we found
out is that Treyarch is going to
probably fin it fix this glitch in the
next update probably tomorrow so that
will be good so we'll have nuketown
zombies probably tomorrow and I'll keep
posting my first attempt on nuketown
zombies so that'll be cool
you don't need hardened or seasonpass
you can just get it free so as you can
see here be downloading it and uh yeah
you can't hear in because she's uh
he's like he's like a little baby cuz
yeah whatever he's not ready right right
so we'll speed this up and you don't
want to see the download thing and I'll
show you that it will not work today
and as we can see here 99% and will go
back to zero 98% to 99% and then 0% it's
just going to glitch up like that you
can't get it today so I just wanted to
let you know that it's probably going to
be come out it's going to come out
tomorrow so yeah guys see ya peace and
yeah
you've just been shrekt again